now Korra the son of is huh
now Korra the son of is huh the son of Kohath the son of levi with
the son of Kohath the son of levi with
the son of Kohath the son of levi with Dathan and abiram the sons of Eliab and
Dathan and abiram the sons of Eliab and
Dathan and abiram the sons of Eliab and on the son of pilla 'the sons of Reuben
on the son of pilla 'the sons of Reuben
on the son of pilla 'the sons of Reuben took men and they rose up before Moses
took men and they rose up before Moses
took men and they rose up before Moses with some of the children of Israel 250
with some of the children of Israel 250
with some of the children of Israel 250 leaders of the congregation
leaders of the congregation
leaders of the congregation representatives of the congregation men
representatives of the congregation men
representatives of the congregation men of renown they gather together against
of renown they gather together against
of renown they gather together against Moses and Aaron and said to them you
Moses and Aaron and said to them you
Moses and Aaron and said to them you take too much upon yourselves for all
take too much upon yourselves for all
take too much upon yourselves for all the congregation is holy every one of
the congregation is holy every one of
the congregation is holy every one of them and the Lord is among them why then
them and the Lord is among them why then
them and the Lord is among them why then do you exalt yourselves above the
do you exalt yourselves above the
do you exalt yourselves above the Assembly of the Lord so when Moses heard
Assembly of the Lord so when Moses heard
Assembly of the Lord so when Moses heard it he fell on his face and he spoke to
it he fell on his face and he spoke to
it he fell on his face and he spoke to Khoda and all his company
Khoda and all his company
Khoda and all his company tomorrow morning the Lord will show who
tomorrow morning the Lord will show who
tomorrow morning the Lord will show who is his and who is holy and will cause
is his and who is holy and will cause
is his and who is holy and will cause him to come near to him that one whom he
him to come near to him that one whom he
him to come near to him that one whom he chooses he will cause to come near to
chooses he will cause to come near to
chooses he will cause to come near to him do this
him do this
him do this take sensors Cora and all your company
take sensors Cora and all your company
take sensors Cora and all your company put fire in them and put incense in them
put fire in them and put incense in them
put fire in them and put incense in them before the Lord tomorrow and it shall be
before the Lord tomorrow and it shall be
before the Lord tomorrow and it shall be that the man whom the Lord chooses is
that the man whom the Lord chooses is
that the man whom the Lord chooses is the Holy One you take too much upon
the Holy One you take too much upon
the Holy One you take too much upon yourselves you sons of Levi but Moses
yourselves you sons of Levi but Moses
yourselves you sons of Levi but Moses said Takota here now you sons of Levi is
said Takota here now you sons of Levi is
said Takota here now you sons of Levi is it a small thing to you that the God of
it a small thing to you that the God of
it a small thing to you that the God of Israel have separated you from the
Israel have separated you from the
Israel have separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you
congregation of Israel to bring you
congregation of Israel to bring you nearer to himself to do the work of the
nearer to himself to do the work of the
nearer to himself to do the work of the tabernacle of the Lord and to stand
tabernacle of the Lord and to stand
tabernacle of the Lord and to stand before the congregation to serve them
before the congregation to serve them
before the congregation to serve them and that he has brought you nearer to
and that he has brought you nearer to
and that he has brought you nearer to himself you and all your brethren the
himself you and all your brethren the
himself you and all your brethren the sons of Levi with you and our priesthood
sons of Levi with you and our priesthood
sons of Levi with you and our priesthood and so therefore you and all your
and so therefore you and all your
and so therefore you and all your company are gathered together against
company are gathered together against
company are gathered together against the Lord and what is Aaron that you
the Lord and what is Aaron that you
the Lord and what is Aaron that you complain against him and Moses sent to
complain against him and Moses sent to
complain against him and Moses sent to call Dathan and abiram the sons of Eliab
call Dathan and abiram the sons of Eliab
call Dathan and abiram the sons of Eliab but they said we will not come up is it
but they said we will not come up is it
but they said we will not come up is it a small thing that you brought us up out
a small thing that you brought us up out
a small thing that you brought us up out of the land flowing with milk and honey
of the land flowing with milk and honey
of the land flowing with milk and honey to kill us in the wilderness that you
to kill us in the wilderness that you
to kill us in the wilderness that you should keep acting like a prince over us
should keep acting like a prince over us
should keep acting like a prince over us moreover you have not brought us into a
moreover you have not brought us into a
moreover you have not brought us into a land flowing with milk and honey nor
land flowing with milk and honey nor
land flowing with milk and honey nor given us inheritance of fields and
given us inheritance of fields and
given us inheritance of fields and vineyards will you put out the eyes of
vineyards will you put out the eyes of
vineyards will you put out the eyes of these men we will not come up when Moses
these men we will not come up when Moses
these men we will not come up when Moses was very angry and said to the Lord do
was very angry and said to the Lord do
was very angry and said to the Lord do not respect their offering I have not
not respect their offering I have not
not respect their offering I have not taken one donkey from them
taken one donkey from them
taken one donkey from them nor have I hurt one of them and Moses
nor have I hurt one of them and Moses
nor have I hurt one of them and Moses said to Cora tomorrow you and all your
said to Cora tomorrow you and all your
said to Cora tomorrow you and all your company be present before the Lord you
company be present before the Lord you
company be present before the Lord you and they as well as Aaron let each take
and they as well as Aaron let each take
and they as well as Aaron let each take his censer and put incense in it and
his censer and put incense in it and
his censer and put incense in it and each of you bring his censer before the
each of you bring his censer before the
each of you bring his censer before the Lord
250 sensors both you and Aaron each with
250 sensors both you and Aaron each with his sensor so every man took his censer
his sensor so every man took his censer
his sensor so every man took his censer and put fire in it made incense on it
and put fire in it made incense on it
and put fire in it made incense on it and stood at the door of the tabernacle
and stood at the door of the tabernacle
and stood at the door of the tabernacle of meeting with Moses and Aaron
of meeting with Moses and Aaron
of meeting with Moses and Aaron and Cora gathered all the congregation
and Cora gathered all the congregation
and Cora gathered all the congregation against them at the door of the
against them at the door of the
against them at the door of the tabernacle of meeting then the glory of
tabernacle of meeting then the glory of
tabernacle of meeting then the glory of the Lord appeared to all the
the Lord appeared to all the
the Lord appeared to all the congregation and the Lord spoke to Moses
congregation and the Lord spoke to Moses
congregation and the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron separate yourselves from among
and Aaron separate yourselves from among
and Aaron separate yourselves from among this congregation that I may consume
this congregation that I may consume
this congregation that I may consume them in a moment then they fell on their
them in a moment then they fell on their
them in a moment then they fell on their faces and said O God the God of the
faces and said O God the God of the
faces and said O God the God of the spirits of all flesh shall one man sin
spirits of all flesh shall one man sin
spirits of all flesh shall one man sin and you be angry with all the
and you be angry with all the
and you be angry with all the congregation so the Lord spoke to Moses
congregation so the Lord spoke to Moses
congregation so the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the congregation saying get
speak to the congregation saying get
speak to the congregation saying get away from the tents of Korah Dathan and
away from the tents of Korah Dathan and
away from the tents of Korah Dathan and abiram
abiram
abiram and Moses rose and went to date them and
and Moses rose and went to date them and
and Moses rose and went to date them and abided and the elders of Israel followed
abided and the elders of Israel followed
abided and the elders of Israel followed him and he spoke to the congregation
him and he spoke to the congregation
him and he spoke to the congregation depart now from the tents of these
depart now from the tents of these
depart now from the tents of these wicked men touch nothing of theirs lest
wicked men touch nothing of theirs lest
wicked men touch nothing of theirs lest you be consumed in all their sins so
you be consumed in all their sins so
you be consumed in all their sins so they got away from around the tents of
they got away from around the tents of
they got away from around the tents of Korah Dathan and abiram and Dathan and
Korah Dathan and abiram and Dathan and
Korah Dathan and abiram and Dathan and abiram came out and stood at the door of
abiram came out and stood at the door of
abiram came out and stood at the door of their tents with their wives their sons
their tents with their wives their sons
their tents with their wives their sons and their little truth
and their little truth
and their little truth and Moses said by this you shall know
and Moses said by this you shall know
and Moses said by this you shall know that the Lord has sent me to do all
that the Lord has sent me to do all
that the Lord has sent me to do all these works for I have not done them of
these works for I have not done them of
these works for I have not done them of my own will if these men die naturally
my own will if these men die naturally
my own will if these men die naturally like all men or if they are visited by
like all men or if they are visited by
like all men or if they are visited by the common fate of all men then the Lord
the common fate of all men then the Lord
the common fate of all men then the Lord has not sent me but if the Lord creates
has not sent me but if the Lord creates
has not sent me but if the Lord creates a new thing and the earth opens its
a new thing and the earth opens its
a new thing and the earth opens its mouth and swallows them up with all that
mouth and swallows them up with all that
mouth and swallows them up with all that belongs to them and they go down alive
belongs to them and they go down alive
belongs to them and they go down alive into the pit then you will understand
into the pit then you will understand
into the pit then you will understand that these men have rejected the Lord
that these men have rejected the Lord
that these men have rejected the Lord now it came to pass as he finished
now it came to pass as he finished
now it came to pass as he finished speaking all these words that the ground
speaking all these words that the ground
speaking all these words that the ground split apart under them the earth opened
split apart under them the earth opened
split apart under them the earth opened its mouth and swallowed them up with
its mouth and swallowed them up with
its mouth and swallowed them up with their households and all the men with
their households and all the men with
their households and all the men with Kerra with all their goods so they and
Kerra with all their goods so they and
Kerra with all their goods so they and all those with them went down alive into
all those with them went down alive into
all those with them went down alive into the pit the earth closed over them and
the pit the earth closed over them and
the pit the earth closed over them and they perished from a muddy ascent when
they perished from a muddy ascent when
they perished from a muddy ascent when all Israel who were around them fled at
all Israel who were around them fled at
all Israel who were around them fled at their cry for they said lest the earth
their cry for they said lest the earth
their cry for they said lest the earth swallow us up also and a fire came out
swallow us up also and a fire came out
swallow us up also and a fire came out from the Lord and consumed the two
from the Lord and consumed the two
from the Lord and consumed the two hundred and fifty men who were offering
hundred and fifty men who were offering
hundred and fifty men who were offering incense then the Lord spoke to Moses
incense then the Lord spoke to Moses
incense then the Lord spoke to Moses till Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest
till Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest
till Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest to pick up the sensor's out of the blaze
to pick up the sensor's out of the blaze
to pick up the sensor's out of the blaze for they are holy and scatter the fire
for they are holy and scatter the fire
for they are holy and scatter the fire some distance away the sensors of these
some distance away the sensors of these
some distance away the sensors of these men who sinned against their own Souls
men who sinned against their own Souls
men who sinned against their own Souls let them be made into a hammered plates
let them be made into a hammered plates
let them be made into a hammered plates as a covering for the altar because they
as a covering for the altar because they
as a covering for the altar because they presented them before the Lord therefore
presented them before the Lord therefore
presented them before the Lord therefore they are holy and they shall be assigned
they are holy and they shall be assigned
they are holy and they shall be assigned to the children of Israel so Eleazar the
to the children of Israel so Eleazar the
to the children of Israel so Eleazar the priest took the bronze census which
priest took the bronze census which
priest took the bronze census which those who were burned after presented
those who were burned after presented
those who were burned after presented and they were hammered out as a covering
and they were hammered out as a covering
and they were hammered out as a covering on the altar to be a memorial to the
on the altar to be a memorial to the
on the altar to be a memorial to the children of Israel that no outsider who
children of Israel that no outsider who
children of Israel that no outsider who is not a descendant of Aaron should come
is not a descendant of Aaron should come
is not a descendant of Aaron should come near to offer incense before the Lord
near to offer incense before the Lord
near to offer incense before the Lord that he might not become like Korah and
that he might not become like Korah and
that he might not become like Korah and his companions just as the Lord had said
his companions just as the Lord had said
his companions just as the Lord had said to him through Moses on the next day all
to him through Moses on the next day all
to him through Moses on the next day all the congregation of the children of
the congregation of the children of
the congregation of the children of Israel complained against Moses and
Israel complained against Moses and
Israel complained against Moses and Aaron you have killed the people of the
Aaron you have killed the people of the
Aaron you have killed the people of the Lord now it happened when the
Lord now it happened when the
Lord now it happened when the congregation had gathered against Moses
congregation had gathered against Moses
congregation had gathered against Moses and Aaron that they turned toward the
and Aaron that they turned toward the
and Aaron that they turned toward the tabernacle of meeting
tabernacle of meeting
tabernacle of meeting the cloud covered it and the glory of
the cloud covered it and the glory of
the cloud covered it and the glory of the Lord appeared then Moses and Aaron
the Lord appeared then Moses and Aaron
the Lord appeared then Moses and Aaron came before the tabernacle of meeting
came before the tabernacle of meeting
came before the tabernacle of meeting and the Lord spoke to Moses get away
and the Lord spoke to Moses get away
and the Lord spoke to Moses get away from among this congregation that I may
from among this congregation that I may
from among this congregation that I may consume them in a moment and they fell
consume them in a moment and they fell
consume them in a moment and they fell on their faces
on their faces
on their faces so Moses said to Aaron take a censer and
so Moses said to Aaron take a censer and
so Moses said to Aaron take a censer and put fire in it from the altar for
put fire in it from the altar for
put fire in it from the altar for incense on it and take it quickly to the
incense on it and take it quickly to the
incense on it and take it quickly to the congregation and make atonement for them
congregation and make atonement for them
congregation and make atonement for them for wrath has gone out from the Lord the
for wrath has gone out from the Lord the
for wrath has gone out from the Lord the plate has begun then Aaron took it as
plate has begun then Aaron took it as
plate has begun then Aaron took it as Moses commanded and ran into the midst
Moses commanded and ran into the midst
Moses commanded and ran into the midst of the assembly and already the plague
of the assembly and already the plague
of the assembly and already the plague had begun among the people so he put in
had begun among the people so he put in
had begun among the people so he put in the incense and made a tournament for
the incense and made a tournament for
the incense and made a tournament for the people and he stood between the dead
the people and he stood between the dead
the people and he stood between the dead and the living
so the plague was stopped
so the plague was stopped while those who died in the plague were
while those who died in the plague were
while those who died in the plague were 14700 besides those who died in the coda
14700 besides those who died in the coda
14700 besides those who died in the coda incident so Aaron returned to Moses at
incident so Aaron returned to Moses at
incident so Aaron returned to Moses at the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting for the play had stopped
for the play had stopped
for the play had stopped [Music]